Insights Docs Fixes. (#4251)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/insights/index.md

techPreview: true
---

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE:</strong> We are offering DKP Insights with this release as a Technical preview only.</p>

DKP Insights assists Kubernetes Administrators with routine tasks:

- Resolving common issues.
- Monitoring resource usage.

> - Checking security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checking security issues
```

> - Verifying workloads and clusters follow best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verifying workloads and clusters follow best practices
```

Access the DKP Insights Dashboard by selecting **Insights** from the sidebar menu.

DKP Insights consists of two components:

- DKP Insights Management: Runs on the Kommander [Management](../clusters/management-cluster) cluster.
- DKP Insights Engine: Runs on each [Attached](../clusters/) Kubernetes cluster.

> DKP Insights Engine needs be to explicitly enabled on each Attached cluster, instructions are found in the section on [Insights Setup and Configuration](./insights-setup/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must enable the DKP Insights Engine explicitly on each Attached cluster. You can find instructions in the section on [Insights Setup and Configuration](./insights-setup/).
```

DKP Insights Engine collects events and metrics on the Attached cluster, and uses rule-based heuristics on potential problems of varying criticality, so they can be quickly identified and resolved. These Insights are then forwarded and displayed in the DKP Insights Dashboard.

> Within the DKP Insights Dashboard, insights can be filtered for a selected cluster or project by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the DKP Insights Dashboard, you can filter insights for a selected cluster or project by:
```

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE:</strong> We are offering DKP Insights with this release as a Technical preview only. </p>

> DKP Insights is intended to assist Kubernetes Administrators with routine tasks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DKP Insights assists Kubernetes Administrators with routine tasks:
```

- Resolving common issues.

> - Monitoring resource useage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Monitoring resource usage.
```

- Checking security issues.
- Verifying workloads and clusters follow best practices.

Access the DKP Insights Dashboard by selecting **Insights** from the sidebar menu.

DKP Insights consists of two components:
- DKP Insights Management: Runs on the Kommander [Management](../clusters/) cluster.

> - DKP Insights Engine: Runs on each [Attached](../clusters/) Kubernetes clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- DKP Insights Engine: Runs on each [Attached](../clusters/) Kubernetes cluster.
```

> DKP Insights Engine needs be to explictly enabled on each Attached cluster, instructions are found in the section on [Insights Setup and Configuration](./insights-setup/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DKP Insights Engine needs be to explicitely enabled on each Attached cluster, instructions are found in the section on [Insights Setup and Configuration](./insights-setup/).
```

> DKP Insights Engine needs be to explictly enabled on each Attached cluster, instructions are found in the section on [Insights Setup and Configuration](./insights-setup/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DKP Insights Engine must be enabled explicitely on each Attached cluster. You can find instructions in the [Insights Setup and Configuration](./insights-setup/) section.
```

> DKP Insights Engine collects events and metrics on the Attached cluster, and uses rules-based heuristics on potential problems of varying criticality so they can be quickly identified and resolved. These Insights are then forwarded and displayed in the DKP Insights Dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DKP Insights Engine collects events and metrics on the Attached cluster, and uses rule-based heuristics on potential problems of varying criticality, so they can be quickly identified and resolved. These Insights are then forwarded and displayed in the DKP Insights Dashboard.
```
